hello another real quick little video
here of something else I picked up I got
myself a nice little tulip lens cover
here basically they're kind of create a
little sin the heat the Sun glares
players and stuff and happen on it yeah
the one thing I'm not really sure if I
like about it is actually a screw-on
style here not really sure if you guys
they're actually from you know the
cheaper units here I picked it up came
off eBay it does have the full case also
does fit the lens cap which is a nice
little adapter to it but unlike the
simple ones like the real nice ones the
Canon puts out but actually you can just
flip back on top two limbs real quick
this one cannot be inverted so not a
really great deal when it comes to how
to put it back in and out of the camera
when it's on the camera or sorry the
camera bag when it's on the camera I
don't mind it a bit works great really
enjoy it has like I said a thread in
style
so you basically is thread it right into
the onto the lens then once you figure
out we've got lined up where you want it
you actually tighten down the lock
washer so basically ties on good again
like I said also then will retain the
lens cap so let's Cup works well with it
but when it comes time to put this in
the camera bag knock it off the camera
basically dropping in in order to remove
it you had to untighten the lock nut
you've got have been unthread it and you
got the lens cap back to the lens and
put it in a separate location
unlike the nice ones that are just slip
on basically flip over and reverse the
lens cap so not really sure how much I'm
going to like the hood if I'm going to
I'll probably slap already paid for it
I've got it
I'm keeping it but might become
something I don't use very often just
good
a few more the invertible x' so anyway
thanks for watching my little video here
and have yourself a safe and wonderful
thing